---
layout: post
title: "Job Ad"
date: 2021-03-27
---
Soft Skills
In terms of soft skills, the company seeks the ability to collaborate and communicate with colleagues from different teams. Also, it requires candidates to be able to interpret ideas and statistical models to users and business partners. Among these required techniques, I have possessed a couple of them. Through completing multiple group projects and holding plenty of club events, I could communicate more fluent and express my ideas in a more logical flow. The success of our club’s Second Photography Exhibition is a perfect proof of my ability to cope well with team members. Meanwhile, most clients of these projects know little background knowledges. That means, after completing the project, the result of the research should be expressed in plain and understandable sentences. These experiences remind me to switch to a straightforward mode and explain in simple terms when facing users and stakeholders.
Analytic Skills
According to the job ad, the company requires one to be familiar with at least one of analytic languages, and to have basic statistical knowledges about building and analyzing statistical models. By taking statistics classes in the university, I got to learn a plenty of R syntax. And through my 3-year university life, I have done multiple programs with the help of R and Python, which could be a strong proof of my coding ability. On the hand of analysis and model skills, I have learnt a lot about modeling in STA302 and STA303, and as a major part of this job, these techniques would be judged and tested during interviews.
Connection to Studies
My professional development activity is to make a website on GitHub. This website is designed to display most of my previous projects, including both statistical and computer science. Since most of tech companies seek applicants to have relative experiences, this website would be a direct proof of my analyzing abilities. Meanwhile, the website-making involves both UI design and basic coding, thus an elegant website itself could also be strong evidence. During the remainder of my education, I could apply some relative researches to develop the skill of building and analyzing models. Also, I am interested in how database works, so it might be a good time to learn SQL. Hopefully, I can complete a couple of relative database projects before the graduation, and that would be strong evidence of my bachelor’s study in the next two years.
